Grace de Benedetti and Nick Pandelakis

REQUEST: /world
RESPONSE: a JSON list of dictionaries, each of which represents one country, sorted alphabetically. Each country dictionary will have the following fields:
    name -- (string) the name of the country
    terrorist attacks -- (integer) the total number of terrorist attacks in that
    country from 1960 to 2018. If years are specified as a filter, then only the
	total number of terrorist attacks within those years.

REQUEST: /country
RESPONSE: a JSON list of dictionaries, each of which represents one provstate located in the country, sorted alphabetically. Each province dictionary will have the following fields:
    name -- (string) the name of the provstate
    terrorist attacks -- (integer) the total number of terrorist attacks in that
    province from 1960 to 2018. If years are specified as a filter, then only the
	total number of terrorist attacks within those years.

REQUEST: /provstate
RESPONSE: a JSON list of dictionaries, each of which represents a terrorist attack that occurred within the specified provstate. Each attack dictionary will come with the following fields:
    eventid -- (integer) an id representing a single instance of a terrorist attack in the given provstate
    gps coordinates -- (tuple) the gps coordinates of the attack
    date -- (string) the exact date of the attack
    summary -- (string) the summary description of the attack


REQUEST: /attack
RESPONSE: a JSON list of dictionaries, which contains a single attack whose id matches the request. This dictionary will have the following fields.
    eventid -- (integer) an id representing a single instance of a terrorist attack in the given city
	year -- (integer) year of attack
	month -- (integer) month of attack
	day -- (integer) day of attack
	country -- (string) The name of the country where attack took place
	province -- (string) The name of the provstate where attack took place
	city -- (string) The name of city where attack took place
	latitude -- (decimal) latitude where attack took place
	longitude -- (decimal) longitude where attack took place
	summary -- (string) summary of attack
	attack_type -- (string) The attack type
	success -- (integer) Whether or not the attack was successful
	suicide -- (integer) Whether or not it was a suicide attack
	target_type -- (string) The target type
	target_subtype -- (string) The target subtype
	target -- (string) Description of the target of the attack
	perpetrator -- (string) The perpetrator of the attack
	motive -- (string) The motive of the attack
	weapon_type -- (string) The type of weapon used
	weapon_subtype -- (string) The subtype of the weapon used
	weapon_detail -- (string) Other details about the weapon
	number_killed -- (integer) The number of people killed in the attack
	number_wounded -- (integer) The number of people wounded in the attack
	property_damage -- (string) The estimated dollar amount of property damage


REQUEST: /search/{search_text}
RESPONSE: A JSON list of dictionaries, each of which represents either an area or perpetrators that contains the search_text, sorted alphabetically. Area results will contain the following fields:
    name -- (string) the name of the area
    terrorist attacks -- (integer) the total number of terrorist attacks in that
    province from 1960 to 2018. If years are specified as a filter, then only the
	total number of terrorist attacks within those years.
perpetrator results will contain the following fields:
    eventid -- (integer) an id representing a single instance of a terrorist
    attack in the given area in the given year
    date -- (string) the exact date of the attack
	perpetrator -- (string) the perpetrator of the attack
    summary -- (string) the summary description of the attack
